# Aztecs

Problem Statement:

1) Traffic Management : Traffic management includes accident
management,crime detection and mishap management.The management will
optimize the traffic and will regulate traffic across the region in real time by
using mathematical models.

2) Theft Detection and Overspeeders Identification : We aim at recovering
stolen vehicles along with identification of the thief. Outlaws who commit
crimes of overspeeding are also to be caught.

                                        Idea
● LogiTraffic shall utilise the data generated by Surveillance Cameras and Internet of Vehicles to
forecast short-term traffic densities and speeds and the same system shall prove instrumental in
recovering stolen vehicles along with identifying the thief.

● The system shall have its further applications in identifying traffic law withhelders and at the same
time recognizing emergency vehicles for efficient traffic management.

● We further plan to extend this project as a Video Analytics based system which utilizes Deep
Reinforcement Learning and other state-of-the-art approaches for traffic management in chaotic
atmosphere.

● Through our Data Collection Nodes we tend to develop Internet of Vehicles which shall generate a framework
for efficient traffic management as we are monitoring traffic at ground level and not at satellite level.
The same system shall involve a method to recover stolen vehicles and catch respective thieves.

Following is the open acces Google Drive link for server side and client side files(There were in total 1400 files 
including packages hence cannot be included directly) :-
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1owDgnfLUrExSK4lyIltaVKhkWzMmCZZM?usp=sharing

We have taken dataset from Kaggle for Machine Learning Models :-
1) Smart City Traffic : kaggle datasets download -d utathya/smart-city-traffic-patterns
2) Emergency Vehicle Classification : kaggle datasets download -d abhisheksinghblr/emergency-vehicles-identification
